ceph: make admin key optional for external cluster (#5227)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-cluster-crd.md

* `NAMESPACE`: the namespace where the configmap and secrets should be injected
* `ROOK_EXTERNAL_FSID`: the fsid of the external Ceph cluster, it can be retrieved via the `ceph fsid` command
* `ROOK_EXTERNAL_CEPH_MON_DATA`: is a common-separated list of running monitors IP address along with their ports, e.g: `a=172.17.0.4:6789,b=172.17.0.5:6789,c=172.17.0.6:6789`. You don't need to specify all the monitors, you can simply pass one and the Operator will discover the rest. The name of the monitor is the name that appears in the `ceph status` output.

> Now, we need to give Rook a key to connect to the cluster in order to perform various operations such as health cluster check, CSI keys management etc...

Reviewer: To document this feature what do you think about the following approach?
- When the key(s) are exported from the cluster, you always end up with five username/key pairs, one that is used by the operator and four that are used by the CSI driver.
- The script would always export the five keys with minimal access
- The script is just an example. They can modify the script to export keys with different username or privileges if desired. 
- Importing the keys will always expect to import the five keys. For backward compatibility it will allow only importing the admin key. However, I'd suggest we not document that case. To simplify the docs, we can just document the recommended approach of minimal access.

> It is up to the admin to provide the Ceph admin key, then Rook will take care of the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to generate keys with minimal access so the admin key does not need to be used by the external cluster. In this case, the admin key is only needed to generate the keys that will be used by the external cluster. 
```

> If this is desired approach just fill the following variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if the admin key is to be used by the external cluster, set the following variable:
```

* `ROOK_EXTERNAL_ADMIN_SECRET`: **OPTIONAL:** the external Ceph cluster admin secret key, it can be retrieved via the `ceph auth get-key client.admin` command.

> > **WARNING**: If you are looking at creating other CRs (rgw, mds, nfs) you **MUST** inject the client.admin keyring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **WARNING**: If you plan to create CRs (pool, rgw, mds, nfs) in the external cluster, you **MUST** inject the client.admin keyring
```

  external:
    enable: true
  dataDirHostPath: /var/lib/rook
  # running the crash collector is optional, do this if you want to create other CRs (rgw, mds, nfs)

>   crashCollector:

Author: Yes, but we do create a key for it and at that point, we have no idea if the external cluster CR will create daemons or not. So it's better to disable it by default.

>   crashCollector:

Reviewer: I see, we would fail if not disabled and we don't have the admin key.

  external:
    enable: true

>   dataDirHostPath: /var/lib/rook

Reviewer: - Is the dataDirHostPath used by anything if they don't have the admin key to start additional daemons or can we comment it out as well?
- To keep the example simple for the case of minimal keys, I wonder if we should have a separate example for the properties you can use with the admin key. It helps the examples be more readable if properties aren't commented out.
